so hey guys um welcome back to my
channel so guys a first thing first
before I start the review of this hair
something happened a few days ago okay
when I had just finished making this
crochet wig I made a demo video if you
guys make youtube videos then you know
sometimes we make videos for ourselves
just to see how things look on camera so
my background was really messy I was a
mess the hair wasn't finished it was
kind of not looking all cute and I made
a demo video for myself I was kind of
talking in the video but not even that
loud then after I made a demo video
iphone iphone out about this new up
that's good for editing videos so I'd
then edit that video on the up you know
I had some pictures in and things like
that I didn't know that the video was
uploaded to my youtube channel until the
next day I apparently the uploads it to
youtube and I didn't know the next day I
saw that I'm it had like 50 views and I
had to comments 1 comment was saying
that they couldn't hear me talking which
as I said I wasn't talking to anybody
really particularly it was a video for
myself and another person said that they
don't like when I play the music in my
videos so in my video so I should stick
to just no music and done a whole bunch
of you know whatever um as I said you
guys that media was not to be uploaded
it was not even title do did there was
no title it was like under two minutes
long it was not to be uploaded so you
guys scratch that whoever thought up
that video it was not to be uploaded
just forget about that scratch that so
now you guys this is the actual preview
of this here and this is a preview i
will make the full video today but
tomorrow when i am leaving for AC and
i'm all dog again i will make a full
review I would
you guys how I did it um I'll give you
guys tips and tricks on how to do it
right and if you'll have any questions
we were down below and I'll put it in
that video tomorrow so yeah this video
is just a really really quick review
because I'm gonna head outside right now
but a quick review of the hair really
fast that's justice it so guys yeah this
is the freetress um who the freetress
deep twist crochet hair I made a wig out
of that hair I use three bundles off
throughout such a three packs of here to
get this look let me show you guys all
the hair to the front right now I have
it kind of pin up as you guys can see I
have I left my edges out around my head
and then I sold this week down on a con
road that I have going around in circle
and I left my egg results all around my
hairline because I also want to be able
to put this year up in one and things
like that no guys this hair cost me 649
a pack in your booty surprise storm so
in total it costs me about 26 too much
to $21 for all three bundles um having
one I have a number one at the bottom
and a 1 B in the middle and then at
number four on the top and I also have
some number for all around it to give it
some highlight now guys I'm absolutely
in love with this hair it is my first
time really really wearing wearing the
hair I've made this week about a few
days now and it's just been like sitting
down I'm laying down somewhere so my
first time really really really about to
wear this hair go out no eyes as I said
it's the preview I'm gonna write on all
the questions that I know that you guys
have and I'm gonna answer them all in a
video tomorrow I
promise but it's a quick preview out to
here because I know that a lot of y'all
is like oh I want to see the hair so
quick preview you guys only $21 this is
a wig I wig I know you guys trust me you
don't have to do the oak Oh Shane things
on your head and having to hurt your arm
and doing it for like five six hours
know you can do it as a wig it took me
two hours are about two and a half hours
to complete this wig I maybe um the
piece is very very very very small I
will link a video in my next video I
will link I'm the girl who really taught
me exactly how to do it like this she's
the only one on YouTube that does it in
a way that you can only use three packs
and had to be this full because they are
grown on on on YouTube even though it
looks pretty they had to use five packs
to get it to be full and it's still not
even this full any guys I had to cut a
lot of hair out of this a lot of hair
like this much here I have to cut out
only using three packs so I will link
her and talk more about her in my full
review video so guys that's it a quick
review of the hair the freetress deep
twist crochet braids you can find it in
your local beauty supply store or just
google it and you'll see a bunch of
different website that is studying this
hair it's synthetic hair it's 649 from
me my BSS it was 649 a puck and yeah it
looks like a version here like it looks
like real life version here um you guys
even though it's a lot of hair trust me
it feels like there's nothing on your
head if I take this week off I will not
notice that it's off because it feels
like hair like when I can feel the wind
blowing on my skin through the hair so i
might look like a lot of hip guys but it
feels like nothing it's not a real hair
so it feels like nothing and because i
did also
the piece is so small it's like it's not
that much hair because you know me it
looks like it is but it's not really so
it's very breathable my wig my head that
gets to breathe because the wig cap as
olds in it so my head can breathe it's
nothing stifle me it's nothing you know
harsh on your head it's beautiful so
guys I will be back tomorrow for the
full review of this hair i'm going to
write on all the questions that you guys
have and i will arm you know odd i think
that you guys will have and i will let
y'all know all the answers and if you
have any questions right now before
making the video tomorrow leave it in my
description bar and i will answer in my
video coming tomorrow so love you all
and go check out this here love you guys
I